Dev-Task - generate-docs auto-generate link to playbook image (#2182)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added support for multiple ApiModules in the **unify** command
* Added slack notifier for build failures on the master branch.
* Added a **validate** check, making sure classifier id and name values match. Updated the classifier **format** to update the id accordingly.

> * Added an auto-generated image link to a playbook README to the **generate-docs** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*The **generate-docs** command will now auto-generate the playbook image link as default. Added the `--custom-image-link` argument to override.
```
